DDJ on Air

April the 19th 6pm GMT (7pm CET)
Private link to hangout: TBA
Public link to Youtube: TBA

What is DDJ, blurb
DDJ stands for DAO Design Jams. First started in spring 2014 around the topic of Distributed Autonomous Organisations, their practical applications, design and their design challenges.
Topics of conversation is somewhat on the intersection of technology and society. Organised by Eris tech team it is, however, not about Eris the company, and promotes dialogue about the topic. DDJ was restarted in spring 2015 and we decided to bring it on air on World Crypto Network.

Suggested topics

Very Short Intro
DAO and Games
Design challenges
DAO business applications

These are suggestions to have some ideas in mind. Its also good if we go completely off topic and let the conversation flow. 
Intro

I think short intro will be good. First hangout in 2015 Dennis made made a short mentioning that the definition of DAO is still causes some disagreements. We can say a couple of words on that. What these conversation is about and how to join.  

DAO and Games

Minecraft, DAO sandboxes and blockchain game engines
This topic is related to both - sandbox application and business application of blockchain technology and decentralised consensus to gameplay. In November last year David and I had a conversation with Joseph and briefly with Vitalik about possible applications of block chain as an ingame economy engine.
 “Building Utopia” project involved building a constitution in Minecraft. We view MC as a sandbox allowing to create a simulation with real people rather than an agent based. Andreas has made a PoC allowing Minecraft server interface with the blockchain. (Link to Minecraft Law video or even a short demo? - optional)
Some of the contracts relevant to Minecraft would be digital property as well as user permissions and collective decisionmaking about the changes on the server: plugins etc.
Rick who worked with games for a while also interested in applying block chain technology in games, and what value it can add to gamers experience. He also mentioned some design challenges.

Design Challenges

Random Numbers and Attacks.
In the 3rd hangout we have mentioned challenges associated with DAO design and technology: potential vulnerabilities, what kind of attacks can be conducted and how, questions of entropy and generation of random numbers for transactions so that they can’t be predicted and falsified. This critical and constructive view of blockchain technology and systems of cryptographic contracts coming from people actually closely working on these systems can be interest not only to those into blockchain tech, but to infosec crowd. 

DAOs Business Applications

PM tools for networked organisations/other
Can DAOs be used as a project management/operation management tool for value networks and small entities seeking to work together to increase their operational capacity without forming a long term hierarchical organisation. Reason why I mention that, is that I see the emergence or such networks or organisations and often their inability to agree on common protocols making management complex and inefficient. Also, because a lot of work is currently done is project based, requiring temporary consortia and inter-organisational decision making structures which should be easy to set up and dismantle. Drag and drop organisations. David (@deadmarmot) has done some writing and research on this topic.

End
Wrap up and invite to watch the next one and info about other live and online events.

Yes, great, link with other coming events! Love it. We really should start doing this. Make a common system for all the on/offline events we’re holding, with times and little notes and info etc. // Andreas


References and K Notes
Add refs, links to share, people to invite etc. All optional. TBA
To summarise conversations we had in 2015 we seemed to discuss DAO’s on 3 levels: games - DAO sandbox, organisations - as an operation management and governance tool for value networks,  and State level - government, democracy etc.(Notes from DDJ in Smallest Federated Wiki - DDJ1, DDJ2 and DDG3)  






